Add TIS, kong-gateway and new-relic-infrastructure-agent files (#121)
odidev/ecosystem-dashboard-for-arm: content/commercial_packages/new-relic-infrastructure-agent.md

---
name: Infrastructure Agent
vendor: New Relic
category: Monitoring/Observability
description: Infrastructure monitoring agent is a lightweight executable file that collects data about the hosts. It also reports data from some third party services, if enabled, and also log data.
product_url: https://newrelic.com/platform/infrastructure
works_on_arm: true
release_date_on_arm: 27/5/2021

optional_info:
    homepage_url: https://newrelic.com/platform/infrastructure
    support_caveats:
    alternative_options:
    getting_started_resources:
        arm_content:

>         vendor_announcement: https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/infrastructure/install-infrastructure-agent/get-started/requirements-infrastructure-agent/

Author: ```suggestion
        vendor_announcement: https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/release-notes/infrastructure-release-notes/infrastructure-agent-release-notes/new-relic-infrastructure-agent-1206/
```

        official_docs: https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/infrastructure/install-infrastructure-agent/get-started/install-infrastructure-agent/

optional_hidden_info:

>     other_info: According to release notes arm64 support got added on above mentioned date although arm64 support for docker images got added previosly on 24/3/2021 refer- https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/release-notes/infrastructure-release-notes/infrastructure-agent-release-notes/new-relic-infrastructure-agent-1160.

Author: ```suggestion
    other_info: According to release notes arm64 support was added on 27/05/2021. Although, arm64 support for docker images were added on 24/3/2021.Please refer this [link](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/release-notes/infrastructure-release-notes/infrastructure-agent-release-notes/new-relic-infrastructure-agent-1160).
```

>     other_info: According to release notes arm64 support was added on 27/05/2021. Although, arm64 support for docker images were added on 24/3/2021.Please refer this [link](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/release-notes/infrastructure-release-notes/infrastructure-agent-release-notes/new-relic-infrastructure-agent-1160).

Author: ```suggestion
    other_info: ARM64 support to infrastructure agent was added in version 1.20.6. Kindly consider [here](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/apm/agents/manage-apm-agents/configuration/support-arm-graviton-x86-64/). 
```
